mkdocs/src/docs/examples/index.md, before:

# List of examples

- [Defining a simple augmentation pipeline for image augmentation](example/)
- [Working with non-8-bit images](example_16_bit_tiff/)
- [Using Albumentations to augment bounding boxes for object detection tasks](example_bboxes/)
- [How to use Albumentations for detection tasks if you need to keep all bounding boxes](example_bboxes2/)
- [Using Albumentations for a semantic segmentation task](example_kaggle_salt/)
- [Using Albumentations to augment keypoints](example_keypoints/)
- [Applying the same augmentation with the same parameters to multiple images, masks, bounding boxes, or keypoints](example_multi_target/)
- [Weather augmentations in Albumentations](example_weather_transforms/)
- [Migrating from torchvision to Albumentations](migrating_from_torchvision_to_albumentations/)
- [Debugging an augmentation pipeline with ReplayCompose](replay/)
- [How to save and load parameters of an augmentation pipeline](serialization/)
- [Showcase. Cool augmentation examples on diverse set of images from various real-world tasks.](showcase/)
- [Using Albumentations with Tensorflow](tensorflow-example/)

Commit message:

Add release notes for the latest version. Add links to examples of how to use Albumentations with PyTorch.

mkdocs/src/docs/examples/index.md, after:

# List of examples

- [Defining a simple augmentation pipeline for image augmentation](example/)
- [Working with non-8-bit images](example_16_bit_tiff/)
- [Using Albumentations to augment bounding boxes for object detection tasks](example_bboxes/)
- [How to use Albumentations for detection tasks if you need to keep all bounding boxes](example_bboxes2/)
- [Using Albumentations for a semantic segmentation task](example_kaggle_salt/)
- [Using Albumentations to augment keypoints](example_keypoints/)
- [Applying the same augmentation with the same parameters to multiple images, masks, bounding boxes, or keypoints](example_multi_target/)
- [Weather augmentations in Albumentations](example_weather_transforms/)
- [Migrating from torchvision to Albumentations](migrating_from_torchvision_to_albumentations/)
- [Debugging an augmentation pipeline with ReplayCompose](replay/)
- [How to save and load parameters of an augmentation pipeline](serialization/)
- [Showcase. Cool augmentation examples on diverse set of images from various real-world tasks.](showcase/)

## Examples of how to use Albumentations with different deep learning frameworks
- PyTorch
    - [PyTorch and Albumentations for image classification](pytorch_classification/)
    - [PyTorch and Albumentations for semantic segmentation](pytorch_semantic_segmentation/)
- TensorFlow 2
    - [Using Albumentations with Tensorflow](tensorflow-example/)
